what's up guys this is another episode
of total tech war today we're going to
be doing something a little different
we're going to be doing a gated
prediction versus video between the
galaxy s 3 and the Galaxy Note 2 first
we got to ask ourselves what is the
galaxy note it's basically a high-end
smartphone combined with a tablet and
also a digital notebook so it's
basically three devices in one so what
can we expect from the Galaxy Note 2
well it's safe to assume it will have
similar hardware and design to the
galaxy s3 but with of course a 5.5 inch
display and a next-gen stylus let's talk
about a tablet side of a note and all
the advantages a big display have better
multitasking as you can fit more on the
screen at once and you have to keep
constantly scrolling better viewing of
your GPS reading and writing documents
viewing photos reading ebooks you get a
much better web browsing experience
reading email playing games watching
movies and YouTube videos now let's talk
about a sketch side and all the
advantages of style as has the stylus is
basically integrated into every aspect
of the device giving you a lot more
precision and functionality if you
choose to use it you also get a lot of
apps that take advantage of the notes
display and stylus we are also expecting
a next-gen s-pen that is more
comfortable to hold and also has a lot
more features now let's talk about some
of the advantages of the s3 well
basically it's smaller so will be more
portable and will be easy to use with
one hand
so an advantage would be that will be
probably be easier to text and drive at
the same time or use a toilet while
texting the s we will be slightly more
portable so you will have an extra inch
of space in your pockets so you can
carry extra things around like Queens
paperclips and especially condoms but on
a serious note studies have shown that
people using the galaxy s3 are fifty
percent less likely to stab themselves
in the eye while using the s3 over a
galaxy note i also want to recommend the
galaxy note 2 to anyone who's got
fingers like this guy so there you go
guys you've seen the advantages of both
devices and different people have
different needs some people really want
to text while driving just for the
record I don't endorse such behavior so
let me know what you guys think are you
guys going to wait for the galaxy note 2
or just get the s3 now and remember guys
through like comment and subscribe to
see more Wars thanks for watching and
I'll catch you guys later
you